Ngwane Philani Excellent Hi I received R300 yesterday around 6 but what Confuses me is that when I check my Bank balance it still the same as before the money was paid. Plz help me
Capitec Bank Transfers to external banks takes between 2 - 3 working days. This excludes public holidays and weekends. Please confirm with the external bank if the same applies to them.
Tebatso Matlou Hi I haven't deposited nothing for the past 3 month, how much do i have to pay after so long???
Capitec Bank Hi Tebatso, you can check your bank statement for this info. You may get this from the App, a cash accepting ATM or at the branch.
Xolisile Maxoli Mkhize When will it be possible to use the online app. It been days trying to access my credit and this is very frustrating.
Capitec Bank Hi Xolisile, all systems have been restored and we apologize for any inconvenience. If you are still seeing an error message kindly send us the message via DM and we will do our best to assist you.
Daniel Belteshazzar I received R300 in my account. It shows the account number that deposited into my account. How do I check what is the name of the person who made the deposit and from where?
Capitec Bank Awesome, thank you for letting us know.
Khabonina Khabo Again during this time my son went to collect my disability Grant and to deposit in my account for two insurances The ATM are still not working 
Capitec Bank Hi Khabonina, we are sorry to hear this. Please inbox the full address of the ATM and your contact number in order for us to look into this
Ikeraam Daniels I am gutted and utterly disappointed after an incident where I lost R4800 at one of your branches last week. Yes R4800 vanished just like that. After numerous attempts to get assistance and help to get my money back, I failed. To top it all of I won't …See More
Capitec Bank Hi Ikeraam, your post is concerning. Please inbox your reference number in order for us to look into this.
Gugu Lethu Hi, last month I withdraw money from the atm R2000. 00 and I received R1200 . 00 and it reported to my phone that I received R2000, I reported this matter they told me I must wait 14 to 30days,yesterday I told them I didn't receive my money they said my money was stolen from the atm there is nothing they can do
Capitec Bank Hi Melani, do you need our assistance?
Simon Moeketsi Is it possible to reverse the debit order of funeral cover .capitec funeral cover
Capitec Bank Hi Simon, you cannot reverse our funeral policy debit order.
MakaOkuhle Mapholoba I would like to open an Capitec account but I'm not working what should I bring?
Capitec Bank You're welcome. No proof of residence is necessary.
Itumeleng Motau Two weeks ago I replaced my card and I was charged R130 ,contacted the branch where I did the replacement of my card and I also went there they told me they will refund me till today I haven’t been refunded
Capitec Bank Thank you for the details. Which branch did you visit?
Gadifele Maureen Hi I send money to someone who use absa and am using capetic on Friday even today she did not get it how long does it take?
Capitec Bank Hi Gadifele, transfers to external banks takes between 2 - 3 working days. This excludes public holidays and weekends.
Theodore Mabunda So now we don't deposit money inside the branch we only deposit at the ATM. I was turned away and told to look for change if I want to deposit money. Your service sucks
Capitec Bank Thank you for your feedback.
Nolu Ngxabazi Can i change my fixed stop order to flexi withdraw the money I need n change it back to fixed same day pls reply its urgent?
Capitec Bank Hi Nolu, you may unlock you Fixed Term Savings Account before maturity, however there will be admin fee charge for the early unlocking of the account. You may contact our Client Care Centre on 0860 10 20 43 for further assistance or you may visit your nearest branch.
Remofilwe Mokgatlhe What documents do I need to bring to open a student account?
Capitec Bank Hi Remofilwe, you may visit your nearest branch with only your ID and we will gladly assist you with opening your account. It does not cost you anything to open an account with Capitec! You must however have a minimum balance of R25.00 in your account to keep it active.
Madelaine Herbst What is your interest rate on a fixed deposit for 18 months with interest payable monthly please. Im a pensioner.
Capitec Bank You're welcome.
Sbongs V Ngxongo Pls Capitec, make sure you have enough or extra funds on your ATM, We can't go from one ATM to another ATM looking for money. more over charging us when we didn't not find sheleta is not ok.......
Capitec Bank Hi Sbongs, we apologise for the inconvenience and constantly looking at ways to improve our clients experience.
Benedict Sello Tukula We have problems when we are abroad and something happens to our phones we can’t activate the capitec app on new phone, apparently it can’t send the sms it has to send even though sms’s are enabled, it’s very inconvenient
Capitec Bank HI Benedict, are you currently abroad and do you require assistance with this type of matter? If yes, kindly inbox us.
Nozipho Ziphow Sibiya I have unauthorized debit orders I don't know how many times i will be going to the bank reversing these debit orders and losing money every month. I am not happy because they can't block it and I don't even know how to cancel things I didn't authorised like who is NAEDO DR😣
Capitec Bank Hi, Naedo is not the name of the company but the name of the type of debit order that is deducted.
Sibongile Dlamini Good day yesterday around 19:00 someone send me money into my account and i was Saturday so i want to know that can i withdrawal the money tomorrow morning??
Capitec Bank Hi Sibongile, transfers to external banks takes between 2 - 3 working days. This excludes public holidays and weekends. Please confirm with the external bank if the same applies to them.
Percy Sledge Ndlovu Capitec Bank is it R5,50 per transaction no matter the sum on the amount being withdrawn or is it R5,50 just for clarification? Also, for other Atms(not capitec), how do you charge on that same particular matter...
Capitec Bank You're welcome :-)
Onkgopotse Monyatsi Is it possible to pay monthly installment of R2000 or less than that,if you take a loan of R70 000 and pay back for the period of 60 months?
Capitec Bank HI Onkgopotse, if you apply nd get approved then only will you be given your choices of terms.
Size Nkosi Yeerr on sunday i withdrawn 500 rand in capitec bronkhorstspruit gues wat by the time i was suppose to wait for the money to come out , the machine went off than it started to reboot itself and the money was gone and on my phone it shown o have withdrawn the money, my hope was that capitec was goin to reverse it on monday but nothing happened till today
Capitec Bank Hi Size, please report the matter to our client care team on 0860 10 20 43.
Cizarh KaMagatsheni Mkhize I deposited money on the 1st for stop order but its not reflected on stop order account,its on saving account what happen?
Capitec Bank Hi Cizarh, you might have used the savings account number, you can complete the transfer using the app or USSD.
Palesa Makhubele I have fixed account so if need that money before the due date can i get the interest
Capitec Bank Hi Palesa, you may unlock you Fixed Term Savings Account before maturity, however there will be admin fee charge for the early unlocking of the account. You may contact our Client Care Centre on 0860 10 20 43 for further assistance or you may visit your nearest branch.
Dineko Mhlongo Does Capitec branch work on Sunday?
Capitec Bank Hi Dineko, minimum branch hours
Wayne Lottering Do you get notifications for atm withdraws under a hunderd rand?
Capitec Bank Hi Wayne, registered clients will get a SMS notification for transactions. You may amend this to a minimum of R 30 via the App or at the branch.
Chris Lotter Capitec looks good on Facebook, until you get a branch like Waverley where the ATM is out of order 9 days a week, and where you enquire the skinny guy with the squeaky voice never knows anything, always : we can only phone later. Useless!!! 0724313033
Capitec Bank Thanks for the info Chris, we have escalated this to the relevant department for assistance.
Nceba Mtshizana Fixed deposit saving of R100 000 for 5 years can give how much?
Capitec Bank You're welcome.
Jabulani Radebe Your app is not responding and I'm getting frustrated as I need to use it
Capitec Bank Hi Philasande, please elaborate on your post in order for us to best assist.
Phumeza Mezza Mackiby Capitec in malvern jhb has been offline since Tuesday ....
Capitec Bank Hi Phemeza, are you referring to an ATM or branch?
Mabogwane Bartlet Where can i find my swift code and whats that?
Capitec Bank We have responded to your private message. Please respond via the same thread in order to assist as efficiently as possible.
Anathi Twala Admin how do I find my cvv number,it's rubbed off?
Capitec Bank Hi Anathie, you may contact our Client Care team on 0860 10 20 43 or walk in to your closest branch.
Ncilaw'ololi Knowledge Can money in the flexible account accumulate interest over a period of a month?
Capitec Bank Hi Maka, you welcome to apply however if you are under administration then further credit is not allowed.
Keletso Campbell So I cannot forex when using capitec?
Capitec Bank Hi Keletso, this is currently not permissible.
Nokubonga Jele Doti we bank capitec nowubon kudala ngalahlekelwa 2000 wam kwi account ngo 2017 bath bay invistigation nam ngab basenz yon masimb leli bank angilifin
Capitec Bank Hi Nokubonga, please provide more detail to your post in order for us to best assist. You may inbox us.
Miellie Sirbuja Baba At Nonkqubela mall in site 2 ATMS have been offline for days now .can you get that fixed long lines are killing us and waisting our valuable time
Capitec Bank Hi Miellie, thank you for bring this to our attention, the ATM will be looked into.
Boikanyo IKgopoleng Calvin But u (Capitec) fail to increase ATM in branches because when you walking in towns u get only get 2 ATMs each bank
Capitec Bank Hi Boikanyo, our focus is to try and keep costs at a minimum to enable us to pass these savings onto our clients. Running an ATM network is very costly and we are careful when it comes to ATM installation. When deciding on whether or not to install an…See More
Tee Ntswa Low Ntswalo How to check my balance when i dont have a mobile banking app?
Capitec Bank Hi Tee, you can check your account balance via the Client Care Centre at 0860102043, or via USSD Mobile Banking by dialing*120*3279#.
Fabian Dowskii Ax How to send money to another Capitec member with dialling codes ?
Capitec Bank Hi Fabian, you may dial *120*3279# and select option 5 if you are registered for this service.
Isabel Sibanda I was using my app one of the days then my phone goes off after that when I try to use it ,it doesn't work it says it had been suspended why
Capitec Bank Hi Isabel, this could happen when you enter the incorrect password.
Rachel Ndlovu Did foreign with permit allowed to apply for a loan?
Capitec Bank We will have your bank statements. All you need to bring is your ID and latest payslip.
Veronica Khumalo This bank those not do reversal I put money by mistake so when I went and ask for them 2 reverse de money they said I must come with de person 💔
Capitec Bank Hi Faith, we are concerned by your post. Have you tried restarting your device and then try to use the service again?
Alfie Legoba What is it anyway, lazy money?
Capitec Bank Hi Allie, it is money that do not work for you. Like earn you interest on a positive balance in your account.
Siphiwe C. Msiza What is lazy money?
Capitec Bank Hi MC, we apologise for the inconvenience caused. We are currently experiencing intermittent issues. Our IT team is working on fixing the issue as soon as possible.
ẞlåq Beltamo Shärröll Why Capitac bank don't allow us to trade forex
Capitec Bank Hi there, kindly be advised that you may not fund a forex trading account using any SA issued debit/credit card. This is regrettably not permissible in terms of Exchange Control Rulings. The correct method of funding a forex trading account is by doing…See More
Svumile Omhlophe KaMahlobo Wat Tim are you closing at Balito branch on Friday?
Capitec Bank You're welcome :-)
Phethile Sambo I had send money from my sister and I forgot the pin and she didn't keep it how can I get it back plz help
Capitec Bank Hi Phethile, the funds will be deposited back into your account in 30 days.
Nosi Majalamba Shezi Please help me what must i do to reverse the money i send to a wrong acc i was using App
Capitec Bank You're welcome.
Nkosunaye Ndlovu i took i loan via capitec and we agreed on R917 monthly . now i just deducted extra R1650 ..istatement its says theres is R1000 which was trasfered without my knowledge by capitec after bengifakele iloan manje sebedontsa yona yini nah? why kuzoba imali engaka plz help am stressed
Capitec Bank Hi Nkosunaye, we are concerned by this post. Please send us a private message with your account details in order to assist.
Ivakele Ivah Hi I have been depositing money to my capitec account for next year studies now I would like to know that is money safe there?
Capitec Bank Hi Ivakele, we have responded to your inbox.
Nem Oath HELP HELP HELP HELP
Capitec Bank Hi Nem, all you need to bring is your ID and we will gladly assist you with opening your account.
Emma Mohlala I'm no longer receive bank notifications, I don't know why😑
Capitec Bank Hi Emma, you may inbox your contact number in order for us to look into this.
Sphesihle M Mngomezulu тoday ι тrιed тo do cellpнone вanĸιng ,ιт ѕaιd мy мoвιcel вanĸιng ιѕ ѕυѕpended 😳....wнaт can ι do now ??
Capitec Bank Hi Sphesihle, aplease refresh and try again, We apologise for the inconvenience.
Nodumo Mbona Please check your inbox
Capitec Bank Hi Nodumo, we will reply to your inbox.
Chris Madier Ke client ya capitec a ke kgona go daload app ya capitec kgotsa ke tshwanetse ke ye bankeng ya lona
Capitec Bank Hi Chris, you will need to visit the branch to register for the App due to security reasons.
Thapelo Mhlongo Please fix your App😡😡
Capitec Bank Hi Thapelo, we were experiencing issues which has since been resolved. Apologies for the inconvenience.
Pierre Bezuidenhout App is offline again
Capitec Bank Hi Pierre, we apologise for the inconvenience caused. We are currently experiencing intermittent issues. Our IT team is working on fixing the issue as soon as possible.
O Zwe Madoda Izinja hi I'm Zweli i was scammed, i visited your branch and i couldn't be helped!!! I'm very disappointed
Capitec Bank We have responded to your private message.
Zama Ndosi app is offline again ...
Capitec Bank Hi Zama, we apologise for the inconvenience caused. We are currently experiencing intermittent issues. Our IT team is working on fixing the issue as soon as 
Meme Pheladi Phogole BEST BANK EVER. 😍😍😍
Capitec Bank ♥♥♥♥
Cecilea Van Dyk App is offline again!!!!!!
Capitec Bank Hi Cecilea, we apologise for the inconvenience caused. We are currently experiencing intermittent issues. Our IT team is working on fixing the issue as soon as possible. 
Mzi Makate hi Capitec every monthends I struggle to withdraw my money at your ATM and I am your client can't you give Us clients 1atm and give rest to sassa every month end I have to withdraw my money from absa or standard bank please do something
Capitec Bank We are working hard to keep these issues to a minimum.
Cornflakes Marlagy Hello capitec....i make online purchase ...what is address 1 and zip give me example please
Capitec Bank Hi Marlagy, this is your own personal information that needs to be entered.
Winniefred Coangae could you pls fix your app problem nowwwww, pls
Capitec Bank Hi Winniefred. We were experienced intermittent issues which has been resolved. Apologies for the inconvenience.
Sphesihle M Mngomezulu ι can'т even вυy aιrтιмe ,wнaт wrong ?тнere'ѕ an errow
Capitec Bank Please refer to our response to your inbox.
Nthabiseng Fortunate Modiselle Am not happy with this bank i've been thier client for years but i cant get a loan and i have a good credit score , i even got a loan from nedbank and am not even thier client
Capitec Bank Hi Nthabiseng, thanks for your interest in our loan products. Credit is issued by looking at a client’s affordability and credit rating. The amount and term you qualify for can only be confirmed once your application has been processed. We sorry we cannot override the outcome of your loan application, however you may apply again in future :-)
Nkosana Van Cow Hi I want to reverse a payment via app how do I go with it
Capitec Bank Hi Nkosana, this option is currently not available via the App. You may call 0860102043 to assist you with the recall. Please note that a recall fee will apply and that a successful recall cannot be guaranteed:
Skhoh Sonke I need a credit card..Mr/Miss capitec
Capitec Bank Hi Skhoh, please visit your nearest Capitec Bank branch with the following docs:
Motlokoa George Want to apply for loan ...whats needed
Capitec Bank Hi Motlokoa, we would be happy to assist :-) You are welcome to visit your nearest Capitec branch with your ID; latest payslip and 3-month bank statement to find out if you qualify. 
